you
once upon a time there was a prince he
was handsome oh very handsome and he was
rich
oh very rich but he was lonely
oh very lonely then one day this lonely
Prince met a showgirl
she wasn't rich but she wasn't lonely
either and the prince thought it would
be rather nice to have the showgirl up
to his apartment to well to have a
midnight supper and maybe look over his
etchings that was the way he wrote the
script but this little showgirl had a
few ideas of her own what are words
where deeds can say so much more you
made a path night in the dog you know
it's going to happen I'm gonna fall in
love with you because I always always do
always hmm both times so you matter what
job you matter what yeah the Queen
Dowager that's your mother your
mother-in-law
oh it's worth you're here you you want
me to hide won't you and where uh in
there I love you I love you
oh gosh your grandpa - haha Ariel